add doc for k8s backup and restore (#196)
tigergraph/server-docs: modules/kubernetes/pages/k8s-operator/backup-and-restore.adoc

> = Backup and Restore

Reviewer: Please add a note that this feature only supports clusters with version greater than or equal to 3.9.

> The Backup and Restore functionality of the Kubernetes operator is robust, allowing for incremental and scheduled backups as well as detailed logging.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Backup and Restore functionality of the Kubernetes operator allows for incremental and scheduled backups as well as detailed logging.
```

Reviewer 2: One should never qualify a backup feature as "robust" because a non-robust backup is very sketchy and should not exist in an enterprise product. If you really want to express some sense of strength, I would either say that we have a comprehensive set of features, or that our feature sets enable the user to deploy a robust backup strategy.  It would be their strategy that would be robust.

  -c|--cluster-name :           (required)set cluster-name to deploy TG cluster
  --tag :                       (required)specify the tag of backup files. e.g. if you specify --tag daily, the backup file will be daily-20xx-xx-xxTxxxxxx
  --staging-path :              specify where to store the temporary files
  --timeout :                   the backup timeout in seconds,default: 18000
  --compress-process-number :   the number of concurrent process for compression during backup
                                value 0 means the number of processes used to compress equals
                                the number of the node's CPU cores. And the default value is 0
  --incremental :               perform incremental backup
  --full :                      perform full backup
  --destination :               set the destination to store backup files, support local and s3 now
  Followings are about the configuration of different destination:
  If destination is local,you should provide:
    --local-path :              set the local path where to store backup files
  If destination is s3:
    --s3-bucket :               S3 Bucket name
    --aws-access-key-id :       the aws access key id

>     --aws-secret-access-key :   the aws secret access key

Reviewer: option --aws-access-key-id and aws-secret-access-key are removed. Replace them with --aws-secret. Please refer to https://graphsql.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/infra/pages/2946171832/K8S+Backup+Restore#create-and-update-backup

[source.wrap, console]
----
 kubectl tg backup create --cluster-name test-cluster --tag testlocal -n tigergraph
  --destination local \
  --local-path /home/tigergraph/backup  --staging-path /home/tigergraph/temp \
  --timeout 18000 --compress-process-number 0
----

=== Back up to S3 bucket

Use the following command to back up a cluster and store the backup files in S3.
In this example, the cluster is called `test-cluster`.

You will need the S3 bucket name, access key id and S3 secret.

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup create --cluster-name test-cluster --tag testS3 -n tigergraph
--destination s3Bucket \
--s3-bucket tgbackup --aws-access-key-id $ACCESS_KEY_ID \
--aws-secret-access-key $SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
----

You can also customize the timeout, staging path, and the compress process number.

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup create --cluster-name test-cluster --tag testS3 -n tigergraph
--destination s3Bucket \
--s3-bucket tgbackup --aws-access-key-id $ACCESS_KEY_ID \
--aws-secret-access-key $SECRET_ACCESS_KEY \
--staging-path /home/tigergraph/temp \
--timeout 18000 --compress-process-number 0

> ----

Reviewer: Please update this part according to https://graphsql.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/infra/pages/2946171832/K8S+Backup+Restore#backup-to-S3-bucket

== Incremental backup

> 

Reviewer: The description and example of Incremental backup is missed

=== Update an existing backup

If you have already created one backup with `kubectl tg backup create` , you can use `kubectl tg backup update` to change the configurations of backup. Once you run the update command, the backup will start immediately with the updated configurations.

[NOTE]
====
A cluster and a tag correspond to a backup configuration. For example:

* `--cluster-name test-cluster --tag tests3` corresponds to a CR named `test-cluster-backup-tests3`.
* `--cluster-name test-cluster --tag testlocal` corresponds to a CR named `test-cluster-backup-testlocal`.

These two have the same target cluster but different tags, so they correspond to different CRs.
====

You have already created a backup using `kubectl tg backup create`:

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup create --cluster-name test-cluster --tag testlocal -n tigergraph --destination local --local-path /home/tigergraph/backup  --staging-path /home/tigergraph/temp  --timeout 18000 --compress-process-number 0
----

> To change the timeout, run:

Reviewer 2: Colons should follow complete sentences or at least complete clauses.  
(I make a statement) : ( an example that supports my statement)

They should not be used to separate a verb phrase (e.g. "run", "create") from an example that acts as the object of the verb phrase. Because we don't put separates between verbs and their objects.

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup update --cluster-name test-cluster --tag testlocal -n tigergraph --timeout 20000
----

The timeout will be changed to `20000`, and a backup process with timeout `20000` will start immediately.

If you have a full backup config, use `kubectl tg backup update --cluster-name CLUSTER --tag TAG --incremental` to change it to incremental backup.

If you have an incremental backup config, use `kubectl tg backup update --cluster-name CLUSTER --tag TAG --full` to change it to full backup.

=== Back up again

> If you have already created one backup by kubectl tg backup create .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have already created one backup by `kubectl tg backup create` :
```

--timeout :                   the backup timeout in seconds,default: 18000
--compress-process-number :   the number of concurrent process for compression during backup
value 0 means the number of processes used to compress equals
the number of the node's CPU cores. And the default value is 0
--schedule :                  specify the schedule of backup in cron format. e.g. '* * * * *' is backup every minute
--incremental :               do incremental backup
--full :                      do full backup (full backup is performed by default)
--max-retry :                 set max times of retry for each backup
--max-backup-file :           set the max number of files you want to retain
--max-reserved-day :          set the max number of days you want to retain these backups
--destination :               set the destination to store backup files, support local and s3 now
Followings are about the configuration of different destination:
If destination is local,you should provide:
--local-path :              set the local path where to store backup files
If destination is s3:
--s3-bucket :               S3 Bucket name
--aws-access-key-id :       the aws access key id

> --aws-secret-access-key :   the aws secret access key

Reviewer: The  same as backup

----

> Just like backup, a cluster and a tag correspond to a backup-schedule configuration, which is called a CR (custom resource) in Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is confusing me. I don't understand the use of "correspond" here.
I think the problem is the verb tense: the present tense, with a very strong existential sense.
I think the more appropriate tense is conditional:
"A cluster and tag can have a corresponding backup-schedule configuration."  Correct?  Because not every cluster and tag will necessarily have a backup schedule.

> Use a cron expression to specify schedule.Crontab.guru - The cron schedule expression editor

Reviewer 2: The phrase following the hyphen doesn't make sense. 
One does not "specify" an editor.  One could use an editor to specify something.

For example, `--schedule '0 0 * * *'` means backup once per day at 00:00.

[NOTE]
You must use ' to wrap the expression to avoid  filename expansion.

=== Create a backup schedule

==== Example 1:

> A backup schedule that backups test-cluster once per day at 00:00, storing backup files in local storage:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A backup schedule that backs up test-cluster once per day at 00:00, storing backup files in local storage:
```

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup-schedule create --cluster-name test-cluster -n tigergraph \
--tag localdaily --schedule '0 0 * * *' \
--destination local --local-path /home/tigergraph/backup
----

==== Example 2:

> A backup schedule that backups test-cluster once per hour at minute 0, storing backup files in S3 bucket

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A backup schedule that backs up test-cluster once per hour at minute 0, storing backup files in S3 bucket
```

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup-schedule create --cluster-name test-cluster -n tigergraph \
--tag s3daily --schedule '0 * * * *' --destination s3Bucket\
--s3-bucket tgbackup --aws-access-key-id $ACCESS_KEY_ID \
--aws-secret-access-key $SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
----

> 

Reviewer: Please update this part according to https://graphsql.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/infra/pages/2946171832/K8S+Backup+Restore#create-a-backup-schedule. The options ---aws-access-key-id and --aws-secret-access-key are removed

=== Create a backup schedule in incremental mode

> Notes: for incremental backup ,you can refer to  K8S Backup & Restore | perform incremental backup[inlineExtension] .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notes: for incremental backup, you can refer to  K8S Backup & Restore | perform incremental backup[inlineExtension] .
```

Type:                  Active
Job Counter:
Successful Jobs:     1
Last Schedule Time:    2022-12-20T02:42:00Z
Last Successful Time:  2022-12-20T02:41:11Z

Events:
Type    Reason                   Age                From                      Message
----    ------                   ----               ----                      -------
Normal  Backup schedule created  2m1s               TigerGraphBackupSchedule  Create a new backup schedule success.
Normal  Backup job succeed       60s                TigerGraphBackupSchedule  Last scheduled job succeed
Normal  Backup job created       10s (x2 over 71s)  TigerGraphBackupSchedule  Schedule a new backup job
----

The Events section tells you whether the scheduled job was successful.

== Pause or resume a backup schedule

To pause a running backup schedule:

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup-schedule pause --cluster-name test-cluster -n tigergraph \
--tag localdaily
----

The next backup job will not be scheduled until the schedule is resumed.

To resume a paused schedule:

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup-schedule resume --cluster-name test-cluster -n tigergraph \
--tag localdaily
----

== Backup controls

> 

Reviewer: Please add a note that this feature only supports clusters with  version greater than or equal to 3.9.

[NOTE]
If the backup process takes too much time, lasting longer than the interval between backups, any missed backups will not be created.
For example, assume your backup schedule is `0 * * * *`, which creates a backup job once per hour at minute 0.
If your backup takes 1.5 hours, a backup job will start at 00:00 and end at 01:30, missing the scheduled job at 01:00.

== Manage existing backups

=== Delete a backup job
You can use the following command to delete a backup job.

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup delete --cluster-name test-cluster --tag test --namespace tigergraph
----

=== List backups

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup list [OPTIONS]

Options:
--cluster-name :  (required)set name of the target cluster
-n, --namespace : set namespace of target cluster
--tag :           specify the tag of backup
--json :          output in json format
--meta :          get the metadata of backup
----

Run the following commands to list all backups of test-cluster:

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup list --cluster-name test-cluster -n tigergraph
----
Append the `--json` flag to return the list in JSON format.

> If you want to perform a cross-cluster restore, you should get metadata of a backup:

Reviewer 2: Are we pointing out a necessary step? If so, I think we need to explain better **when** I need to get this metadata and **what I will need to do with it**. Otherwise, the user still might not do enough or do it correctly.

--tag <backup-tag>
----

== Restore from a backup

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg restore [OPTIONS]

Options:
-h|--help: show this message
-n|--namespace :              set namespace to deploy TG cluster, default namespace is current namespace
-c|--cluster-name :           set cluster-name to deploy TG cluster, no default
--tag :                       specify the tag of backup files. you can use kubectl tg backup list to get all existing backups
--metadata :                  specify the metadata file of backup. you should this if you want a cross-cluster restore
--cluster-template :          configure the cluster you want to create from exported CR
--staging-path :              specify where to store the temporary files
--source :                    set the source to get backup files, support local and s3 now
Followings are about the configuration of different destination:
If destination is local,you should provide:
--local-path :              set the local path where to store backup files
If destination is s3:
--s3-bucket :               S3 Bucket name
--aws-access-key-id :       the aws access key id

> --aws-secret-access-key :   the aws secret access key

Reviewer: The same as backup

[source.wrap, console]
----

You can restore your cluster from the backup created by the same cluster.
This works with backups stored in either local storage or an S3 bucket.

> We also support cross-cluster restore which means, restore Cluster B from backup created Cluster A. This only supports S3 bucket now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also support cross-cluster restore which means "restore Cluster B from a backup created by Cluster A. " This features works for S3 buckets only.
```

> Notes: now we just supports restore cluster having the same size and ha as the cluster which created the backup. If you create backup in Cluster A whose size is 4, you cannot restore Cluster B whose size is 8 from the backup created by Cluster A.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: The cluster being restored must have the same size an HA replication as the cluster which created the backup. If you create backup in Cluster A whose size is 4, you cannot restore Cluster B whose size is 8 from the backup created by Cluster A.
```

=== Restore in the same cluster

> Assume that you have created a backup for test-cluster using kubectl tg backup create.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assume that you have created a backup for test-cluster using `kubectl tg backup create`.
```

| daily-2022-11-02T104925      | FULL | 3.9.0   | 1.7 MB | 2022-11-02 10:49:25 |
| daily-2022-11-09T081545      | FULL | 3.9.0   | 1.7 MB | 2022-11-09 08:15:46 |
| daily-2022-11-09T081546      | FULL | 3.9.0   | 1.7 MB | 2022-11-09 08:15:53 |
+------------------------------+------+---------+--------+---------------------+
----

Choose a backup you want to restore from and provide the storage information of the backup.
If you want to use a backup stored in local storage, provide the flags `--source local` and `--local-path`.

If you want to use a backup stored in S3, provide the flags `--source s3Bucket` and `--s3-bucket --aws-access-key-id  --aws-secret-access-key`.

=== Restore a backup from local storage

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg restore --cluster-name test-cluster -n tigergraph --tag daily-2022-11-02T103601\
--source local --local-path /home/tigergraph/backup
----

=== Restore a backup from an S3 bucket

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg restore --namespace tigergraph --cluster-name test-cluster \
--tag tests3-2022-10-31T031005 \
--source s3Bucket --s3-bucket tg-backup --aws-access-key-id AWS_ACCESS_KEY \
--aws-secret-access-key AWS_SECRET

> ----

Reviewer: please update this part according to https://graphsql.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/infra/pages/2946171832/K8S+Backup+Restore#restore-in-the-same-cluster.

=== Cross-cluster restore

> Cross-cluster restoration is when you restore a existing cluster from a backup created by another cluster.

Reviewer 2: Didn't we just talk about this above?  Need some restructuring.

Assume that you have created a backup for a cluster called `source-cluster`, and the backup is stored in an S3 bucket.

> Your target cluster, here named `target-cluster` must have the same size, ha and version as `source-cluster`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your target cluster, here named `target-cluster` must have the same size, HA replication factor, and version as `source-cluster`.
```

Reviewer 2: "ha" is not a measurable property such that two clusters can "have the same HA" (improper use of "HA").

Reviewer 2: "Version": Version of what? TigerGraph database software?

First, get the metadata of the backup for `source-cluster`. This command stores the data printed to the console in a file called `backup-metadata` (no extension).

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup list --cluster-name source-cluster --namespace tigergraph \
--tag tests3-2022-10-31T031005 --meta > backup-metadata
----

Then use the metadata to restore `target-cluster`.

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg restore --namespace tigergraph --cluster-name target-cluster \
--metadata backup-metadata \
--source s3Bucket --s3-bucket tg-backup --aws-access-key-id AWS_ACCESS_KEY \
--aws-secret-access-key AWS_SECRET

> ----

Reviewer: The same as above comments

=== Clone a cluster

> Cloning a cluster is when you create a new cluster and restore it from a backup created by another cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create a clone (snapshot copy) of a cluster by creating an empty new cluster and then restoring  it from a backup created by the original cluster.
```

Assume that you have created a backup for `source-cluster`, and the backup is stored in an S3 bucket.
You want to “clone” the cluster to a new cluster that has no existing data.

The `kubectl tg restore` command can help create a new cluster based on the configuration of `source-cluster` and restore it from the backup.

First get the CR of the cluster.

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg export --cluster-name source-cluster -n tigergraph
[source.wrap, console]
----
For this example, we assume the output file is located at /home/test-cluster_backup_1668069319.yaml

Next get the backup metadata.

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup list --cluster-name source-cluster --namespace tigergraph\
--tag tests3-2022-10-31T031005 --meta > backup-metadata
----

> Use the cluster template and metadata to create a copy of the source cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the cluster template and metadata to create a copy of the source cluster.
```

[source.wrap, console]
----
 kubectl tg restore --namespace tigergraph --cluster-name new-cluster \
  --metadata backup-metadata --cluster-template /home/test-cluster_backup_1668069319.yaml \
  --source s3Bucket --s3-bucket tg-backup --aws-access-key-id AWS_ACCESS_KEY \
  --aws-secret-access-key AWS_SECRET

> ----

Reviewer: The same as above comments

A new cluster named new-cluster will be created and initialized.
Once new-cluster is ready, a restore job will be created.

=== Show restore job status

Use `kubectl tg restore status` to show the status of all restore processes.

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg restore status

NAME                                           STARTTIME   COMPLETIONTIME   CLUSTER        TAG
test-cluster-restore-daily-2022-12-20t024802   30s                          test-cluster   daily-2022-12-20T024802
----

Add the `--namespace` flag to show details of a single job.

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg restore status --namespace <namespace>  --cluster-name test-cluster --tag daily-2022-12-20T024802
----

=== Delete a restore job

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg restore delete --namespace $NAMESPACE --cluster-name test-cluster --tag daily-2022-12-20T024802
----

== Debug problems with the backup

> Do not run multiple backup and restore jobs for the same cluster at the same time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CAUTION: Do not run multiple backup and restore jobs for the same cluster at the same time.
```

This could cause the following issues:

* If there is already a backup job running and you create another TigerGraphBackup to backup the same cluster, the controller will wait for the running job to finish before creating backup job for the new TigerGraphBackup.

* If there is already a restore job running and you create another TigerGraphRestore to restore the same cluster, the controller will wait for the running job to finish before creating restore job for the new TigerGraphRestore.

* If there is already a backup job running and you create another TigerGraphRestore, or if there is already a restore job running and you create another TigerGraphBackup. The job created later will fail.

If the cluster you want to backup or restore is not ready (for example, the cluster is not initialized or the cluster is shrinking or upgrading), the backup/restore controller will wait for the cluster to be normal before creating backup/restore job.

> The backup & restore job creates pods to execute the logic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Backup and restore jobs create pods to execute the logic.
```

= Backup and Restore

The Backup and Restore functionality of the Kubernetes operator allows for incremental and scheduled backups as well as detailed logging.

Backup and restore jobs work by internally creating TigerGraphBackup, TigerGraphRestore, and TigerGraphScheduledBackup functions that carry out jobs according to the user settings.
This concept is important for understanding the relationship between the console commands you enter and the results from Kubernetes.

== Prerequisites

You must have the TigerGraph Kubectl Plugin installed and a working cluster available.

The `kubectl tg backup` command requires `kubectl`, `helm`, `jq`, and `yq` to be installed.

== Backup command syntax and options

[source.wrap,bash]
----
USAGE:
  kubectl tg backup [create|update] [OPTIONS]
Options:
  -h|--help: show this message

>   -n|--namespace :              set namespace to deploy TG cluster, default namespace is current namespace

Reviewer 2: I am confused by the verb-object relationship "deploy TG cluster".  This says the kubectl backup command is deploying a cluster, but that doesn't seem logical for a backup function. What is the relationship we are trying to express?

Reviewer 2: The following line also uses "deploy" this way.

Reviewer: Sorry, that's my mistake. This line is copied from the help message of kubectl tg  command which is used for creating cluster. The correct use of --cluster-name is to "specify the cluster to be backed up".
Please help me change them in DOC, thanks very much

  -c|--cluster-name :           (required)set cluster-name to deploy TG cluster
  --tag :                       (required)specify the tag of backup files. e.g. if you specify --tag daily, the backup file will be daily-20xx-xx-xxTxxxxxx
  --staging-path :              specify where to store the temporary files
  --timeout :                   the backup timeout in seconds,default: 18000

>   --compress-process-number :   the number of concurrent process for compression during backup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --compress-process-number :   the number of concurrent processes for compression during backup;
```

Reviewer 2: We need a semi-colon or period to show the semantic separation between this line and the subsequent line, since some long lines will wrap.

>                                 value 0 means the number of processes used to compress equals
>                                 the number of the node's CPU cores. And the default value is 0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                                Value 0 (default) means the number of processes used to compress equals
                                the number of the node's CPU cores.
```

  --incremental :               perform incremental backup
  --full :                      perform full backup

>   --destination :               set the destination to store backup files, support local and s3 now

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --destination :               set the destination to store backup files
```

Reviewer 2: Commentary about "now" and hinting at future support should never be included.  State what the feature does now as the truth, without any commentary about whether that is more than before or wishing we had more.

>   Followings are about the configuration of different destination:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The following parameters are used to configure a destination.
```

  If destination is local,you should provide:
    --local-path :              set the local path where to store backup files
  If destination is s3:
    --s3-bucket :               S3 Bucket name

>     --aws-secret :              name of secret for aws, the secret should contain  accessKeyID and secretAccessKey

Reviewer 2: Look at the previous 3 flags: --local-path, --s3-bucket, and --aws-bucket.  The first description starts with a verb "set"; it is structured to tell you when the entire option does.  The next two start with a noun, the object of the action that is either mentioned in the description or implied (hoping that the reader can guess that action based on the name of the flag; avoid this). We need consistency.

Reviewer 2: Actually, these options take an augment (e.g. `--local-path <path>`), whereas other options do not (`--incremental`). The proper style for options that require an argument is to show a placeholder argument (e.g.
`cp <source> <destination>`.  Then, the description should describe the entire operation (beginning with a verb), referencing the placeholder arguments as needed.

Reviewer 2: So:
```
--local-path <path>  :    Save the backup at the local path <path>
--s3-bucket <bucket name>  :   Set the s3 bucket name of the destination
--aws-secret <secret>  :    Set the AWS secret, containing accessKeyID and secretAccessKey
```

Reviewer: Thanks for your advice

Type:                  Active
Job Counter:
Successful Jobs:     1
Last Schedule Time:    2022-12-20T02:42:00Z
Last Successful Time:  2022-12-20T02:41:11Z

Events:
Type    Reason                   Age                From                      Message
----    ------                   ----               ----                      -------
Normal  Backup schedule created  2m1s               TigerGraphBackupSchedule  Create a new backup schedule success.
Normal  Backup job succeed       60s                TigerGraphBackupSchedule  Last scheduled job succeed
Normal  Backup job created       10s (x2 over 71s)  TigerGraphBackupSchedule  Schedule a new backup job
----

The Events section tells you whether the scheduled job was successful.

== Pause or resume a backup schedule

To pause a running backup schedule:

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup-schedule pause --cluster-name test-cluster -n tigergraph \
--tag localdaily
----

The next backup job will not be scheduled until the schedule is resumed.

To resume a paused schedule:

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup-schedule resume --cluster-name test-cluster -n tigergraph \
--tag localdaily
----

> == Backup controls

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Backup restrictions
```

Reviewer 2: "Control" is a very general therefore not very descriptive word.  Since all of these options set a maximum, perhaps "restrictions" is better. "limits" is another option. I'm open to alternatives; I'm just not satisfied with "control".

> There are three options to support different implementations of backups:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are three options to specify limits of backup operations:
```

>   --max-retry :                 set max times of retry for each backup
>   --max-backup-file :           set the max number of files you want to retain
>   --max-reserved-day :          set the max number of days you want to retain these backups
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --max-retry <num times>  :                 set max times of retry for each backup
  --max-backup-file <num files>  :           set the max number of files you want to retain
  --max-reserved-day  <num days> :          set the max number of days you want to retain these backups

```

> You can use them to control the backup job and manage backup files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

=== Maximum number of backup files

Over time, backup files will accumulate and take up disk space.

> Set `--max-backup-file` and `--max-reserved-day`, and the `TigerGraphBackupSchedule` process will help you delete outdated backups automatically based on the strategy you set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting`--max-backup-file` and `--max-reserved-day`, and the `TigerGraphBackupSchedule` process will help you delete outdated backups automatically based on the strategy you set.
```

Assume your backup schedule has `--tag daily`.
If you set `--max-backup-file` to `10`, when a scheduled backup process is completed, a cleaning process runs to remove outdated backups also tagged `daily`.

> Ten backups tagged `daily` are retained, while backups not tagged `daily` will not be affected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ten newest backups tagged `daily` are retained, while backups not tagged `daily` will not be affected.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't know for a fact that the command ranks them my date, but I certainly hope that it does.

Reviewer: Yes, the command ranks all backups by date

If  you set `--max-reserved-day` to `7`, backups tagged `daily` that were created more than seven days ago will be removed.

[NOTE]

> If the backup process takes too much time, lasting longer than the interval between backups, any missed backups will not be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the backup process takes too much time, longer than the interval between backups, any backups scheduled to start while the first backup is taking place will not be created.
```

=== Restore a backup from local storage

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg restore --cluster-name test-cluster -n tigergraph --tag daily-2022-11-02T103601\
--source local --local-path /home/tigergraph/backup
----

=== Restore a backup from an S3 bucket

You can choose a backup you want to restore from and provide the storage information of the backup.

First, create a secret in Kubernetes containing the access key ID and secret key:

[source.wrap,console]
----
kubectl create secret generic aws-secret \
--from-literal=accessKeyID=AWSACCESSKEY \
--from-literal=secretAccessKey='AWSSECRETKEY'
----

Then restore the backup:

[source.wrap,console]
----
kubectl tg restore --namespace tigergraph --cluster-name test-cluster \
--tag tests3-2022-10-31T031005 \
--source s3Bucket --s3-bucket tg-backup \
--aws-secret aws-secret
----

=== Cross-cluster restore

Cross-cluster restoration is when you restore a existing cluster from a backup created by another cluster.

Assume that you have created a backup for a cluster called `source-cluster`, and the backup is stored in an S3 bucket.

> Your target cluster, here named `target-cluster` must have the same size, HA replication factor, and version as `source-cluster`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your target cluster, here named `target-cluster`, must have the same size, HA replication factor, and version as `source-cluster`.
```

Assume that you have created a backup for `source-cluster`, and the backup is stored in an S3 bucket.
You want to “clone” the cluster to a new cluster that has no existing data.

The `kubectl tg restore` command can help create a new cluster based on the configuration of `source-cluster` and restore it from the backup.

First get the CR of the cluster.

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg export --cluster-name source-cluster -n tigergraph
[source.wrap, console]
----
For this example, we assume the output file is located at /home/test-cluster_backup_1668069319.yaml

Next get the backup metadata.

[source.wrap, console]
----
kubectl tg backup list --cluster-name source-cluster --namespace tigergraph\
--tag tests3-2022-10-31T031005 --meta > backup-metadata
----

Use the cluster template and metadata to create a copy of the source cluster.

[source.wrap, console]
----
 kubectl tg restore --namespace tigergraph --cluster-name new-cluster \
  --metadata backup-metadata --cluster-template /home/test-cluster_backup_1668069319.yaml \
  --source s3Bucket --s3-bucket tg-backup --aws-access-key-id AWS_ACCESS_KEY \
  --aws-secret-access-key AWS_SECRET
----

> A new cluster named new-cluster will be created and initialized.

Reviewer 2: Whe4n referencing particular test that had been in a code snippet, should we use code style?
That is, should new-cluster be in code style?

Reviewer: I am a little confused about this comment. But for using kubectl tg commands, we do not have a specific coding style.

Author: Victor is referring to using the backtick to put the text in the doc into the monospace code style: `new-cluster`
